Add instructions for bypassing IdP with admin token (#5376)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/admin/tokens/bypass-identity-provider.md

  and using an OAuth2 identity provider.
menu:
  influxdb_clustered:
    parent: Manage tokens
weight: 205
---

{{< product-name >}} generates a valid management token (known as the _admin token_)
for managing databases and database tokens and stores it as a secret in your InfluxDB namespace.
You can use the admin token with the [`influxctl` CLI](/influxdb/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/)
in lieu of configuring and using an OAuth2 identity provider.

{{% warn %}}
#### Do not use in production

This feature is for development and testing purposes only and should not be used
in a production InfluxDB cluster.
{{% /warn %}}

## Configure influxctl to use the admin token

{{% code-placeholders "INFLUXDB_NAMESPACE|DIRECTORY_PATH" %}}

1.  If you haven't already, [download, install, or upgrade to `influxctl` v2.2.0 or newer](/influxdb/clustered/reference/cli/influxctl/#download-and-install-influxctl).
2.  Use `kubectl` to retrieve the admin token from your cluster namespace's
    secret store and copy it to a file:

    ```sh
    kubectl get secrets/admin-token \
      --template={{.data.token}} \
      --namespace INFLUXDB_NAMESPACE | base64 -d > token.json
    ```

> 3.  Update your `influxctl` connection profile with a new `[profile.auth.token]`
>     section with a `token_file` setting that identifies the location of your
>     saved admin token file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Update your `influxctl` connection profile with a new `[profile.auth.token]`
    section.
4.  In the `[profile.auth.token]` section, assign the `token_file` setting to the location of your saved admin token file:
```
